lr na os ow pi st ty tut u
os ow pa rn si ty tul tut
ow pa rn si so ty tul tut
sr st ta ti ty up lon u ow
st ta ti ty up us lon row
yaw lin ops ort stu tut
lap nit ort out sty wus
law nip ort out sty stu
low nay ops rus tit tut
now oar pil sty stu tut
raw sil soy ton tut u pt
row say sil ton tut u pt
sot sow tal tin try u pu
spy stu tal tin tor u ow
sty stu tal tin pour ow
sup tal tin toy tor wus
tal tin toy top wus u rs
tan til toy top wus u rs
tap til toy ton wus u rs
tar til toy ton ups wus
tat til toy ups urn wos
til toy ton twa ups u rs
tin toy tol twa ups u rs
tit toy tol ups urn was
toy tol tun twa ups i rs
awry into lops tutu st
yowl nair opts tutu st
lows nair opts tutu ty
onus opal rust twit ty
pawl rios snot tutu ty
plow rain soty tutu st
prow sail snot tutu ty
slow snap tiro tutu ty
spun stay tilt tour ow
stun suit taly trop ow
suni sway tort tout pl
taut tils typo urns ow
tout towy tran lisps u
tows tray tuns tupi lo
tray tuns tupi twos lo
troy tuna tupi twos ls
tsar tuny tupi twos lo
turn twil autos spoty
tutu twil anoys ports
wart input lotus yo st
wilt anoys ports u tut
wyat input lotus or st
woly antis ports u tut
yarns lotus outwit pt
lists narow output ty
pasty riots u ln ow tut
patsy riots u ln ow tut
pawns riots u yo lt tut
prays snout outwit lt
print salow stout u ty
prowl saint stout u ty
prows saint u yo lt tut
raspy snout outwit lt
rosin salow u pt ty tut
slain sorow u pt ty tut
snail sorow u pt ty tut
snips talow trout u ty
snows tapir u yo lt tut
sorow spain u lt ty tut
spawn stilt trout u yo
spiny start u lo ow tut
spins talow trout u ty
splay stint trout u ow
stary stilt upton u ow
stows taint troly u pu
strip stunt talow u yo
strol stunt upity a ow
strut stunt walop i yo
stunt suply tarot i ow
susan troly outwit pt
swain typos trout u lt
swils tarot upton u ty
swirl tansy output to
swons tapir u yo lt tut
sworn tails output ty
talow tints typos u ru
tansy tilts uprot u ow
tawny tilts torso u pu
tilts typos wotan u ru
tosup total tunis wry
trait tutus pylons ow
tutor tutsi walon spy
tutus twain portly os
twain uprot stylus to
twila uprot snouts ty
ultra unity os ow pt st
upton urals twisty to
walon output trysts i
iowans output lr st ty
layout outwit np rs st
larson output twisty
litany output worsts
natily output worsts
norway output stilts
outlay outwit np rs st
outlaw pintos trusty
outwit payrol stunts
parson twisty u lo tut
pilaws styron u to tut
plaint sorows u ty tut
plaits styron u ow tut
pliant sorows u ty tut
portly saints u ow tut
potato stilts u nu wry
prowls sanity u to tut
roasts uptown i u lt ty
runway splits u to tot
santos triply u ow tut
syrups walnut i to tot
slants tryout i u ow pt
snorts tautly i u ow pt
splays triton u ow tut
spoils tyrant u ow tut
sporan twisty u lo tut
sporty stalin u ow tut
sprays wilton u to tut
sprats wilton u yo tut
starts uptown i u yo lt
straps wilton u yo tut
stuart sunlit yo ow pt
swirls toyota u np tut
taurus typist ln ow to
torsos walnut i u pt ty
triply watson u os tut
tryout tulips watson
trolop twisty a u nu st
trusts uptown a i yo lt
tutors twisty a u ln po
walnut outpost i rs ty
walton outputs i rs ty
wintry outlast u os pt
intrust layouts ow pt
lawsuit outpost rn ty
outlaws tourist np ty
outplay outwits rn st
outworn stylist a u pt
tortola untwist u spy
tourist walnuts yo pt
trolops untwist a u ty
untwist upstart yo lo
sparsity u ln ow to tut
